the physical environment where I worked it very may do so typically has
a a first tour you're standing bridge watch or combat watch so bridge
watch depending on where you are located in the world it could be
colder than me hot it would be warm it could be humid but it was very
rewarding because you can you know you're always you know privileged
to have the sunshine or did the elements out of combat watch is
always cold they have to keep the equipment coal so going from the
bridge down to combat is like walking from say a sauna to a freezer
and sin in the freezer often during training your typically walking
through the main spaces and the main spaces can reach upwards of a hundred
degrees on average because of all the machinery and all the fluids
and all the heat that's generated so it it just varies in Japan
so you have to kinda be ready for you know everything